annot: Put urad dal and beans in a pot
ACTID: 0
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] urad dal (-1), beans (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: Add a little salt and water to cover it
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little salt (-1), water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Pressure cook it for 6 whistles
ACTID: 2
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] it (1)
[PP, other, for] 6 whistles (-1)
annot: turn off the flame
ACTID: 3
PRED: turn
[DOBJ, other] the flame (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: heat some butter in a pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some butter (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Add cumin seeds, chopped onion, green chillies, ginger garlic paste
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cumin seeds (-1), chopped onion (-1), green chillies (-1), ginger garlic paste (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Give a saute to cook everything
ACTID: 6
PRED: saute
[DOBJ, food] everything (5)
annot: Add red chilli powder, masala powder, turmeric powder, tomato puree and salt
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] red chilli powder (-1), masala powder (-1), turmeric powder (-1), tomato puree (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Add the dal mixture
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the dal mixture (3)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: Add some water
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some water
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: Cook for 5 minutes
ACTID: 10
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (9)
[PP, other, for] 5 minutes (-1)
annot: Add some cream and fresh parsley on top before serve
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some cream (-1), fresh parsley (-1)
[PP, food, on] top (10)